Add upload-to-s3-bucket task (#34)
giantswarm/test-infra: README.md

Templates for these secrets can be found in the `secrets` folder.

- Access credentials for [Tityos Bot](https://github.com/tityosbot)
- Access credentials for a S3 bucket where to upload test results
- Github OAuth Secret
- Github webhooks token for Tekton to access Github

## S3 bucket credentials

> If you don't have a S3 bucket where to store the test results, run [this](scripts/s3-bucket-access.sh) script. It will create a bucket and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have an existing S3 bucket to store the test results, run [this](scripts/s3-bucket-access.sh) script. It will create a bucket and
```
